Lord Rose
You are finally here.
This news
Repeatedly disrespectful to you and the Lord
Don't let him go.
Ximen Bao didn't expect Lord Rose to come
Ximen Bao, as the second elder
Wu Nai Foushang
What crime
What am I guilty of?
It's not your turn to teach the blood rose a lesson
What are you?
The Blood Jade King has been missing for three years
You are nothing more than a wild dog that has lost its master
And my adoptive father Lei Qianjue
Will be king in the future
The king of presumptuous blood jade is missing
He is also the king of blood jade
Then Lei Qianjue also had to bow his head and lower his eyebrows
You are indeed a loyal dog.
But what's the use?
The King of Blood Jade has not been heard from for three years
My adoptive father Lei Qianjue
Will be the king of blood rain
Prince ambition courting death